is speaking Riyad Mansour let's listen
in chairman of the Arab group for
May
and the resolution that has been
endorsed by the SC Council regarding
protection of civilians and then Dr
Mansour will talk to
you the Arab group confirmed the
necessity of protecting the civilians
and the humanitarian Workers United
Nations employee and staff and uh we
denounce all attacks against the
civilians and when it comes to Gaza and
the violations committed by the Israeli
forces against the humanitarian workers
and the civilians I'll take this
opportunity to make sure that the main
principles and the main interest is to
stop fighting in Gaza particularly in
RAF and to deliver the humanitarian Aid
necessary for the people in Gaza and to
stop the transfer the Arab group
welcomes the procedures temporary
procedures of the international court of
justice and the issuance of an order to
stop immediately the Israeli military
operations in Rafa the Arab group
confirmed the necessity of committing
Israel to do this without any
delay his Excellency Dr rad mans will
talk to
you thank you my brother
Muhammad and thank you for my colleagues
the
ambassadors of the Arab countries we
decided
yesterday in a meeting to have this
pressor this uh press conference and as
said by my brother Muhammad there are
two topics that are of extremely
importance first the indorsement of the
security Council regarding the
resolution
which
is
mainly
for or against the BR
uh practices of the Israeli forces in
Gaza in more than one paragraphs they
call for stopping this aggression
protection of the civilians protection
of the humanitarian workers protection
of the United Nations employees and to
stop violence and
genocide uh committed by the some
Israeli officials and we need to respect
the humanitarian international law the
international law and all the elements
mentioned in this resolution are quite
important and we'd like to thank
Switzerland and the other countries who
uh supported this resolution from inside
and outside the security Council uh
voting was great 14 countries were for
than absente against the
resolution the resolution is another
resolution that Israel must be committed
to to protect the civilians the
international workers and the
humanitarian staff and to provide the
necessity of life for our people in Gaza
in sufficient amount very quickly on top
of everything to stop uh fighting and to
reach a ceas fire to protect the
civilians and to save lives of innocent
people in Gaza this is our first and top
priority as an Arab group in the United
Nations
we have done that through the eight last
months the other important topic that
happened today the resolutions or the
decisions orders of the international
court of justice we welcome these uh uh
decisions and we welcome the uh uh uh
procedures that the icg has asked Israel
to abide by on top of everything to stop
military actions in RAF and we said that
there are certain uh procedures by the
icg that asked to stop every uh military
uh aggression in Gaza against the
Palestinian people in the Gaza Strip and
the opening of Rafa cross and allowing
the humanitarian Aid to be provided to
the people in needing Gaza with enough
amount and to stop the transfer
uh around 880,000 have been forced to
leave RAF and this is not acceptable we
welcome these uh decisions we welcome
these procedures and uh we support the
icg and we insist that the Israel
authorities must be committed must be
respected by Israel and by everyone who
who are interested in stopping the
genocide in Gaza Strip Israel has
nothing to do but to commit itself to
all these decisions
on imposed by the I International court
of justice and we would like to thank in
this regard the the country of South
Africa and every other country who
supported the request of South Africa
and we need more uh Decisions by the
iscg to protect our our people in Gaza
from this current genocide we will
continue our efforts here in New York
the Arab group will continue its efforts
together with the other groups and in
the security Council the general
assembly in order to see these uh uh
resolutions and these
decisions uh being Ed and
implemented we are here as Arab
ambassadors addressing the media we are
grateful to you we speak to you all the
time to tell the truth to tell the story
that should be told to your audience in
all corner of the globe two things of
extreme importance happen today one in
the security Council we are grateful for
Switzerland and all those who
co-sponsored that draft resolution and
those who voted in favor of that
resolution in which no single country
voted against it that resolution is
tailored to Gaza without necessarily
mentioning Gaza by name with regard to
the protections of civilians with regard
to the protections of international
Personnel including un personnel and
specifically honor Personnel condemning
the killing of hundreds of international
Personnel in the human uh field uh uho
uh condemning uh incitement by Israeli
officials and killing large number of
our people in Ence genocide against our
people and uh calling for opening all
Crossings uh providing humanitarian
assistance to scale and accountability
of those responsible for these crimes to
face the justice that they uh should
face and we are uh uh satisfied that the
security Council adopted this resolution
it would be greatly helpful in uh
hopefully having a ceasefire definitely
stopping this Onslaught and preventing
the invasion of Rafa the other uh uh
subject that uh we uh want to share with
you is the provisional measures adopted
by by the uh icj we are grateful for
South Africa and those who supported
them for going back to the icj asking
them for additional provisional measures
and we welcome these provisional
measures
including uh stopping you know the
military operation in Rafa we believe
that the provisional measures of the icj
also previously asked for uh stopping
all military operations in the Gaz a
strip and stopping these crimes and
potential crimes of uh genocide against
our people in the Gaza Strip and uh we
also uh welcome uh the fact that they
called for the opening of Rafa Crossing
for providing humanitarian assistance to
scale and to uh continue fighting
against the crime against humanity of
mass transfer including the pushing of
800 th000 of Palestinians around Rafa to
move to other parts of the Gaza Strip we
will make everything possible in our
capacity as a group with other groups
the OIC Nam uh the African group and
others to uh see the implementation of
resolutions of the security Council the
general assembly and the icj that calls
among other things for an immediate fire
to take place to save lives and to allow
our people to start attending to the
wounds inflicted upon them by this
aggression of Israel particularly in the
Gaza Strip we are grateful to the Arab
group for stay standing together
strongly United to uh to uh push for all
these things we are grateful to our
representative in the security Council
our brothers from Algeria who are in the
Forefront front working with everyone
including in this case with Switzerland
to see the success and the adoption of
this draft resolution thank you for
being with US ambassador a quick
question um do you expect action in the
security Council will you